hi there it's time for a domino tutorial
so let's just get right into this I'll
start placing Domino's like so and just
try to keep everything as accurate as
possible so if you look closely you'll
have something like this and you just
put a little pressure where my right
thumb is and pull out this green Domino
all right then you'll place a Domino
right on this edge here and this is what
you have made
doesn't seem interesting but let's just
continue on as if that was not
underwhelming so let me just start
setting up some dominoes here
all righty let's see what this looks
like that's that some things you might
not know that you can make a couple of
these and they can make a really long
chain that's one of those there that's
one there here let me just get these
both in shot and this is what two of
them look like and one final thing you
can do with the with these or turn them
I need degrees
like so like that
and this is what happens all right
they've had a lot of practice with this
and I developed a little another tip for
making this even more reliable as you
can see the space between the green and
the yellow Domino is nothing and if you
do this the domino falls but observe the
little rocking red Domino here if I do
this it moves really high up especially
in the left side also if you are a
little bit to the left here
like if you're not accurate and the red
Domino's actually a little bit more on
the green Domino it will go the wrong
way that was the reason why I said that
we should have a gap here between the
green and the yellow Domino such that it
guarantees that the red Domino look at
that way there's a problem though if you
hit too hard you cannot guarantee that
the red Domino will not turn too much
especially after having a lot of
Domino's while on this I've been working
on the large-scale line of these things
going on and I find that if you can
bring the gap a little the most if you
can separate the green and the yellow
Domino the most while keeping this side
flush you'll have a very reliable stunt
here so if you bring it out all the way
like that but not too much that the
yellow cannot keep the green from
touching the bottom here like about this
much about the thickness of a Domino not
less but almost exactly the thickness of
a domino the red Domino barely moves but
my move is just enough such that the
blue domino falls over
in fact if you watch in slow motion it
appears that this Bob's up pretty high
and then this guy just stays in place
for a few seconds then in slow motion
falls down which is why I'm going to
name this the fainting Domino or
painters and I'm just gonna call these
painters